Known Issues for the 9.04 'Babylon' Release of XBMC
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ToC
  1) General Issues
  2) Linux Specific Issues
  3) OSX Specific Issues
  4) Win32 Specific Issues
  5) Xbox Specific Issues
  6) Other Issues

--- General Issues ------------------------------------------------------------
*) Other than VDPAU support for Nvidia under linux, there is no support for GPU
off-loading (hardware acceleration) of video decoding in XBMC at this time.
Consequently, a fairly powerful system is required for high resolution and/or
high bitrate content.
 
*) The "High Quality Software Upscaling" setting is not recommended for slower
systems or systems with integrated graphics solutions.  If you experience
playback issues, please ensure that it is disabled.

*) Some H.264 content displays block artifacts.  This is caused by the "CABAC"
patch we have applied to ffmpeg, which allows multithreaded decoding of most
h264 content, but doesn't do as heavy of deblock filtering.

*) Playback from incomplete rar sets only works on Xbox.  FFmpeg has no
"no seek" paramater, vital for this feature.  Mplayer on Xbox does.
 
*) Visualizations may not resize if running when xbmc changes resolutions. This
includes switching from fullscreen to windowed modes and vice versa.

*) Vobsub subtitles (aka sub/idx) have various issues.  Some examples are; out
of sync, duplicates, wrong language, multiple subtitles displayed on top of
eachother.

*) DVD images created in a non-standard way (ie. no menus, vob files >1GB) may
hang at the end of playback or not start at all.

*) Some files that are larger the 2GB will exhibit problems with seeking, fast
fast-forward and rewind past the 2GB point.

--- Linux Specific Issues -----------------------------------------------------
*) PulseAudio can cause various audio related problems for XBMC.  It is advised
you disable or uninstall it if you experience any.
 
*) Compositing window managers (Compiz, beryl, etc) and other OpenGL "Desktop
Effects" can cause graphical problems (usually can't stay in full screen) with
XBMC.  It is advised you disable or uninstall these features if you have
problems.
 
*) SDL may not give the mouse pointer back to the desktop if XBMC crashes
(thankfully much less likely in this release!).  Should this happen, simply
start XBMC again and close it normally.

*) 64bit linux hasn't really been given any real attention.  You are advised to
use 32bit unless you NEED 64bit for some reason (4GB of RAM is NOT a reason,
google "Physical Address Extension").  Some popular problems are; no webserver
or httpapi, crashes during navigation, may not launch at all.

--- OSX Specific Issues -------------------------------------------------------
*) There is currently no support for FLAC or WAV audio formats under PPC OSX.

davilla? phi? mdd? beenje? others?

--- Windows Specific Issues ---------------------------------------------------
*) There's currently no support for multi monitor setups. Read the forum for
workarounds.

*) When XBMC is started in fullscreen switching to window mode isn't working
atm. Just start XBMC in window mode and choose your desktop resolution from
the settings to enable fullscreen.

--- Xbox Specific Issues ------------------------------------------------------
*) Graphical artifacts after starting a new video while another video, with
differing dimensions, is already playing.  This occurs only when using
dvdplayer for playback not mplayer.

arnova? others?

--- Other Issues --------------------------------------------------------------
For other, less obivious issues and new and improved ones, please visit our bug
tracker at http://xbmc.org/trac.

